 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Revenue Recognition. We grant licenses or otherwise provide rights to use portions of our intellectual property portfolio, which, among other rights, includes
certain patent rights essential to and/or useful in the manufacture, sale or use of certain wireless products. We estimate and recognize sales-based royalties on such
licensed products in the period in which the licensees’ sales occur, which is based largely on preliminary royalty estimates provided by our licensees. For fiscal
2025 and 2024, actual amounts for sales-based royalties have been materially consistent with such estimates, and no significant reversals of revenues have been
required as a result of adjustments to prior period royalty estimates.
Impairment of Non-marketable Equity Investments. We monitor our investments, many of which are in early-stage companies, for events or circumstances
that could indicate impairment, including those that result from observable price adjustments. Key considerations in this assessment include the investee’s
financial and liquidity position and business forecasts (including their ability to respond to any significant deterioration), industry performance, development
and/or market acceptance of the investee’s products or technologies, as well as considering any appreciation in fair value that has not been recognized in the
carrying values of such investments and other relevant events and factors. Measurement of any impairments may require the use of unobservable inputs. In fiscal
2025 and 2024, there were no significant impairment losses or adjustments to our previous judgments and estimates recorded.
Inventories. We measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value considering judgments and estimates related to future customer demand and
other market conditions, such as the impact of the macroeconomic environment and global trade policies. Although we believe these estimates are reasonable, any
significant changes in customer demand that are less favorable than our previous estimates may require additional inventory write-downs and would be reflected
in cost of sales resulting in a negative impact to our gross margin in that period. For fiscal 2025 and 2024, the net effect from changes in this estimate and related
reserves was less than 1% of cost of revenues during each period.
Impairment of Goodwill, Other Indefinite-Lived Assets and Long-Lived Assets. We monitor our goodwill, other indefinite-lived assets and long-lived assets
for the existence of impairment indicators and apply judgments in the valuation methods (generally income or market approach) and underlying inputs and
assumptions utilized in such assessments, which are generally unobservable inputs. During fiscal 2025 and 2024, there were no material impairment charges for
long-lived or indefinite-lived assets. Additionally, the estimated fair values of our QCT and QTL reporting units, based on our qualitative assessment, were
substantially in excess of their respective carrying values at September 28, 2025.
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings. We are currently involved in certain legal and regulatory proceedings, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. If
there is at least a reasonable possibility that a material loss may have been incurred associated with pending legal and regulatory proceedings, we disclose such
fact. We record our best estimate of a loss related to pending legal and regulatory proceedings when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be
reasonably estimated. We face difficulties in evaluating or estimating likely outcomes and/or the amount of possible loss in certain legal and regulatory
proceedings. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded (or the possible loss disclosed), and such
amounts could be material.
Income Taxes. We make significant judgments and estimates in determining our provision for income taxes, including our assessment of our income tax
positions, both in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, given the uncertainties involved in the interpretation and application of complex tax laws and regulations in
various taxing jurisdictions. While we believe we have appropriate support for the positions we have taken or plan to take on our tax returns, we regularly assess
the potential outcomes of examinations by taxing authorities in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes based on the technical merits of the
position. The actual liability for U.S. or foreign taxes may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax
liabilities or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities. Based on our results for fiscal 2025, an assumed one-percentage point increase to our annual
effective tax rate would result in an increase in income tax expense of $127 million.
Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Under the OBBB enacted in July 2025, we
expect to be subject to CAMT beginning in fiscal 2026 and therefore, we no longer expect to realize substantially all of our existing federal deferred tax assets. As
a result, we recorded a charge of $5.7 billion to income tax expense to establish a valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets in the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2025. Factors considered in this determination included assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of
taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies, and considering that substantially all of our income is taxed in
the U.S., of which a significant portion qualifies for preferential treatment as FDDEI. Changes in future taxable income (including less of our income qualifying
for preferential treatment as FDDEI), tax laws (including changes to the CAMT rules) and other factors may change our determination regarding whether we will
be able to realize our deferred tax assets.
46
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and the impact of those pronouncements, if any, on our consolidated financial statements is
provided in this Annual Report in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1. Significant Accounting Policies.”
