Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The information required by this item is included in this Annual Report on pages F-1 through F-27.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, we
conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such terms are defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer,
we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control — Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under this framework, our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 28, 2025.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual
Report, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2025, as stated in its report which appears on pages
F-1 through F-2 in this Annual Report.
Inherent Limitations over Internal Controls
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that:
i. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
ii. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors; and
iii. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a
material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations,
including the possibility of human error and circumvention by collusion or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system may not
prevent or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information
On September 11, 2025, Heather Ace, our Chief Human Resources Officer, acting as trustee on behalf of her family trust, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) providing for the sale of up to 12,800 shares of our common stock. The plan is scheduled to terminate on
November 18, 2026.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
48
PART III
